c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\MvcProject.dll.config
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\MvcProject.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\MvcProject.pdb
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\obj\Debug\MvcProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\obj\Debug\MvcProject.dll
c:\users\natal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\obj\Debug\MvcProject.pdb
C:\Users\natal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Domain.dll
C:\Users\natal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\natal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\natal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\MvcProject.dll.config
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\MvcProject.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\MvcProject.pdb
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Domain.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\obj\Debug\MvcProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\obj\Debug\MvcProject.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\obj\Debug\MvcProject.pdb
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\obj\Debug\MvcProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\obj\Debug\MvcProject.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\NLog.config
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\MvcProject.dll.config
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\MvcProject.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\MvcProject.pdb
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Domain.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\NLog.dll
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Domain.pdb
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\NLog.xml
G:\MvcProject\MvcProject\obj\Debug\MvcProject.pdb
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\NLog.config
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Sergey\OneDrive\Development\Visual Studio\Projects\MvcProject\MvcProject\bin\NLog.xml
